8.21.24 8:46PM<br /><br />
          <strong2>evening!</strong2> couldn't muster more of an enthusiastic
          energy because i just got rejected (excluded? it wasn't a rejection
          since my bachelors degree wasn't apparently enough for their rigorous
          coursework and they considered me unfit right off the bat for their
          masters program) from the college i was aiming at, but for whatever
          reason it hasn't affected me as much as i thought it would. this could
          just be my <strong>complacence</strong> in the face of misfortune that
          has built over the years but regardless, i feel... okay. the world
          didn't end when i fucked up my school leaving examinations 3 years
          earlier, the world didn't end when my inbox pinged 2 nights back,
          bearing news potent enough to shatter several plans and fantasies of a
          better future i had woven to keep myself alive over the past year or
          two. the world is <strong>rigged</strong> as it is, nothing's real! am
          i even here? is everything just a figment of somebody's extremely
          grotesque daydream? the beauty lies in the void of not knowing i
          suppose. <br />
          depressing drivel aside, i've actually come across an opportunity of a
          masters program that'd surpass the benefits of the german plan i'd
          made even, if it does in fact happen. i've discovered
          <strong2>chile</strong2> and its
          <strong2>extremely astronomy-driven public universities</strong2>!!!
          if things go right i'd not only be doing a course completely focused
          on observational astronomy but it'll help me work on a possible PHd
          thesis beforehand due to a faculty solely dedicated to astronomy!
          eventually my job prospects should also unfold in chile itself due to
          the extent of observatories in there. genuinely so hyped @ imagining
          my life there because i would've had to move to Santiago or to the US
          for a plethora of job openings in my desired field as it stands, and
          settling there so much earlier would ease things up a lot..also i'd
          finally get to <strong2>learn spanish</strong2>. and
          <strong2>rizz up latinas</strong2>. exciting. the results should be
          out by mid-Nov so i've got 2 more months of agonizing waiting Yet
          Again, although i'm planning on upping the skincare and exercise
          regimens coupled with spanish lessons and an absolute brush-up of my
          cosmology and quantum mechanics foundations since i'm already
          beginning to forget :P maybe get my red belt in taekwondo in the
          meanwhile as well, i've been stuck at blue for far too long. one
          thing's for sure though, no more moping around waiting for something
          to magically click,
          <strong>change starts whenever i want it to</strong>.<br /><br />
          <strong
            >p.s i hate how i've got to go coding hunched over like a 90s hacker
            just to get a diary entry up??</strong
          >
          i think i'm going to better my backend dev skills so i can formulate a
          web form interface of some kind that i can upload a diary entry to
          like a normal, say, blogging website, and have the javascript sort
          itself out automatically. this is kind of clunky but hey i'm just
          starting out ^__^