3.14.25 6:50PM<br /><br />
          i've been so <strong2>absolutely pooped</strong2> lately...not even because life demands it of me but because i intentionally decided to subject myself to 10 thousand hobbies (read: horrors) and their consequent upskillings this year. this is for 2 reasons: to make my. essentially a gap year not feel like...a gap year (it really isn't but it is to me) and also to curb the chances of any thought occurring by keeping myself occupied whenever i'm awake! remember the image of that dog being (forcefully) injected with <strong>fluoride</strong>? well, that's been me ever since the year started and it really does take a toll on you in the lighter moments, on the bus rides back home and when i toss and turn trying to shut my brain off @ night. during several similar moments last week, i've been thinking about how similar 2025 is to 2023, with me having only 2 semesters pending towards my respective degrees, a muted fear coupled with radical optimism for a future i'd want (something that got duly quashed last year but i sincerely hope doesn't happen this time), discovering a new all-timer binaria song (extremely uncanny), getting very into psychological webtoons that keep me occupied over the whole of a university work day's break hours, and pretty much just an overall textural resemblance i suppose. but this time, i'd want to break the cycle i've been subjected to since 2023 and the 3 years preceding it. everytime i Do think of how far i've come though, 2020-21 of course comes up within my mental headquarters and the intensity with which it generally crushes me seems to fractionally decrease each time. the entire ordeal seems kind of laughable now honestly...but it really is the situationally devastating <strong>nonsensical things</strong> that mould you as a person in your life's daybreak. i don't particularly believe in affirmations as such but i really hope that next year, i get to spend july in the company of people i truly want in proximity to me. or at least even in solitude as opposed to being next to the oppressive forces in my life that've kept me in metaphorical chains for 21 years, financially and especially in terms of personal/physical expression over the last 5 years. i genuinely cannot wait to take my life into my own palms for once. speaking of being in control of your lives and such, there's a somewhat weird? psychological phenomenon that has been shadowing my state of being for quite a while now and while i lack the required philosophical or psychiatric arsenal of terminologies to properly put into words, i'd guess, to put it bluntly, it is a form of <strong2>depersonalization</strong2>. this is especially prominent whenever i'm watching a movie or show...it's like i'm watching/analyzing/critically assessing the media in question through an external version of me but i don't actually Feel myself doing any of it personally, and none of the emotions evoked by it actually belong to me because i can't feel them the way i previously used to. it's genuinely freaky as fuck. this also only happens in situations i'd consider positive in essence, because my negative emotions always still hit me like a truck in the gut (whatever is happening therefore has to be masterminded by a vapid bitch of sorts..!). anyway i'm not sure what this occurrence is exactly, it could be an offshoot of my general nihilism and waning interest in the pursuit of life in its fullest spirit, but one of the ways i will be countering (or trying to counter) the absence of humane wonder/evocation of passion, negative or positive, in the face of consuming media is publishing my media-log as soon as possible. i think spending more time in the afterglow of having watched or read or experienced something and treating aspects of it with intent through dissecting it amidst the various toggles of my imagined media-log would eventually bring my mental bearings to their <strong>initial equilibrium</strong> again. i have the complete layout worked out, here's to hoping i have the time and motivation to code it out over the next few weeks though! i also have my potential about page sizzling on the burner so there's that, lots to look forward to as long as i don't have other stuff weighing me down. oh yeah also my new laptop is Finally here and i can spend time making lesbian sex tapes (to monetize off of but also to goon to #freak (<strong>im asexual</strong>)) and have my sims kiss girls all over the sims world. + i can start making cute cc for the moolah as well..i've already installed blender :3<br /><br />          
<strong>p.s i've finally finished my shrine's frontpage and i absolutely cannot wait to dump nerdy nuggets + visuals of my favorite media in addition to making digital scrapbooks glazing them!</strong> i'm so glad i can use csp without any preconcieved inhibitions now because simply drawing doodles and images out in favor of hunting the last corners of pinterest down for specific graphics...is freeing