2.11.25<br /><br />
          had a dream that sarah beeelzebubs from twitter was sending goth valentine cards to all her mutuals and sent me a dm asking to be mutuals on tumblr so i could send her my address in an anonymous ask? she apparently sent me a screenshot of her tumblr profile (it was hyunjin and power themed) but . took separate screenshots of the pfp and header and sent them one after the other Which was kinda weird but nice! i followed her on tumblr but woke up immediately because i had a splitting headache lol (fun fact, i told her about this and we actually recreated the entire thing with the tumblr asks + her sending me a silly little gothic valentines card on feb 14th! so fun, i love people and peopling)
          <br /><br />

2.16.25<br /><br />
          watched it in 2 parts (probs stirred in my sleep) first part was set in an amalgamation of all my schools resembling liminal spaces, i was made to sit with the rest of our grade (all the sections?) in a theatre in the school...and heavy drafts of icy wind came in, sometimes it even brought tiny icicle particles which fell on us and it was my first time touching snow. after a while we were all forcefully ushered out and the area was blocked and by chance i'd left my backpack behind. a teacher of mine (who i recognized from college Now) tried dissuading me from going in but i skidded on the banisters coming-of-age film style and went in and grabbed my now wet bag. weird atmospheric dream and i could feel the palpable frigidness even in my sleep

second part was related to the wedding i'd be attending next week, the area was a somewhat traditional looking tirupati ripoff place with concrete platforms? and golden building toppers and what not, the house i was going to was in one of those cramped tirupati areas except it was like a kolkata colony instead, and i was made to go in and found out its an exact replica of one of my aunt’s houses in Goyeshpur. anyway it seems i was initially supposed to marry the groom (😭) but didn’t and also the climax of the story was apparently Zeus (yes the fucking greek god of thunder!) residing in one of the golden domes in the area, being pissed off about the wedding match. he brought several lethal thunderstorms and people setting the venue up had to start looking for new timings, preferably an hour or 2 hours later just so the bride wouldn’t be “lognobhroshta” but apparently there was no better timing after this hour. weird as hell omg


there was also a subplot featuring a bunch of my old male crushes (crush?) but i don’t particularly remember much of that
          <br /><br />

2.28.25<br /><br />
          had a dream that mari (lila) from twitter was in close circles with lucy dacus and taylor swift (through ig shared posts, witty quips abd back and forths in the comment sections of posts etc) it was a fully instagram-centred dream, kind of like a social media au. very weird concoction of people though, idk why i keep dreaming about twitter mutuals
          <br /><br />

7.9.25<br /><br />
          i dont have a lot of memorable dreams lately (probably a combination of going to sleep late + extremely deep, drool inducing slumbers) but i had one this morning (i say morning because this was at 8 or 9 am and i woke up at 11)...it basically featured me going on vacation or for contractual work at some kind of mountainous, hilly region (very reminiscent of darjeeling!) and me looking pretty ravishing !?!@! i was also lowkey the life of the parties wherever i was at in terms of social presence, i made a ton of friends who, before i left im not sure for how much time, made sure to take my number and ig handle. the dream was full of little moments of fun and laughter between said people and my beautiful self being super charming (kind of unbelievable yea but whatever) and my god the GIRLS FEATURED WERE SO GORGEOUS :_) this could or couldnt of been foreshadowing for a better life 2026 onwards or it could be my soul mimicking my online persona and delusional-posting (although icl im very much lively in person despite the shit circumstances im in or the areas i frequent at the moment) but i earnestly hope its the former. amen to a life so full i feel overwhelmed on saturday nights as i sit and ponder in the company of a lonely lamp's shade 
          <br /><br />

9.9.25<br /><br />
          why do my dreams always feature such profoundly random concoctions of people!!! anyway today's dream revolved around, quite a cinematic rendition of, a tale that begged the question 'which offspring would you pick when presented with an admittedly difficult choice?'. the people involved were, lo and behold, sinha uncle from hyderabad and my maternal aunt from gayeshpur. Apparently the former was living in an extremely old building in the suburbs of Kolkata with a collection of decomposing stacks of stamps (?) seemingly for sale, and my aunt lived a floor above him seemingly as a tenant of his. He called us harriedly one day and we flew to his house and while i was tinkering around with his stamps (#ProudPhilatelist even in my subconsciousness) with my maternal aunt coaxing me on to look @ this stamp and that, sinha uncle told my dad wtf was up....flashback to 20 years ago his wife (poonam aunty) was Apparently pregnant for a second time (mind you she only has a single daughter irl) and went into labor 2 months before her assigned date. Doctors pronounced the baby stillborn and allegedly After he was sanitarily discarded off, nurses unrelated to this chain of events heard a cry from the bins this was carried out in a LITERAL week after...which led to him being Rescued and eventually raised in the hospital's in-house orphanage. He grew to up be extremely well-read and studious and after he reached an age of possessing collected understanding and intellect, he seeked his parents out from hospital and DNA records (beats me why nobody thought to do this when he was actually found in the first place). By this time he had amassed a good amount of scholarship funds and money from sidejobs he had been doing considerably well at, and had secured a spot in an Ivy League in the States i think. when he found sinha uncle and poonam aunty, he asked him if they'd want to live with him Now and move with him to USA. remember the irl daughter i mentioned earlier? well, she makes an appearance and surfaces forth in the picture as well! at this point in time she was apparently 25 and pursuing a PhD and still living with her parents, and shifting with this newly found son they'd fully thought had been dead for 20 years would mean uprooting her entire life and keeping her from following her academic dreams. And this was what sinha uncle wanted advice from my dad on! this might've been boring af to take in through the written medium but the dream was so extremely telenovella-esque i kinda enjoyed it
          <br /><br />