2.4.26 5:58PM<br /><br />
          crazy that i haven't been on here in months...i really <strong2>dipped</strong2> immediately after my dear site turned 1 TT but several things have changed in the last 7 or so months, a la shifts in how i think and how my wishes and purposes for my life manifest, although not much has moved forward physically or materially. personally i find the former much more enriching on my part given <strong>that one TGCF quote</strong> (;3), and discovering truths about myself (that i've always been vaguely aware of but this time, arrived at concretely) has greatly impacted how i experience each day going forward.<br /><br />  
for starters, i'm no longer perpetually sad about having to stay back for 2 years and losing out on moving out of the country! and i no longer yearn expressly for it either, i've come to love living one day at a time through consuming and making art and finding happiness around me...through increased neighborly interactions, or walking more, and i've also been earning a small amount of money monthly from my already uploaded sims cc! its honestly pocket change but i love walking out to Ikea and getting myself a <strong>little chocolate treat</strong> every once in a while. speaking of the neighborly interactions i mentioned earlier (and also in my previous 2025 entry), i ended up getting really close to lailu over these months because of a fixed 2 hour bracket of time dedicated to playing with her every day...it was <strong2>somewhat healing</strong2> watching her grow right in front of my eyes. she's leaving by the end of March though and i was super sad at first but i realized the time i Did spend with her would be rendered even more valuable the earlier she left. it'd give me time to adjust to my 2 hour void on the daily now. i watched her learn how to mouth vowels, attempt 2-syllabic words, how to stand up and how to start walking and eventually running. she still cant say a watered-down version of my name though :,) suffice to say this entire state of accidental affairs that came from me shifting houses made my (seemingly) last period of time here one of the most heartwarming and enjoyable times of my life, and there have been too many evenings i've spent lying on a mat on our roof with lailu playing around me or on me when i'd...gaze up at the pristine blue sky and marvel at how <strong>idyllic</strong> my life was now.<br /><br />
this is partly what i meant by enjoying life one day at a time, something i'd been wanting to adopt since 2025 started i think. i want to enjoy everything i'm offered at every point in time, or have myself mold it to something i love. i've stopped doomerist thinking now, cut down on checking the news, started looking forward to make and take in as much art as i can while getting by, and i have never been happier to voluntarily chuck myself out of the global rat-race to realize "my potential". <strong2>i can just be!</strong2> and that is all i want.
<br /><br />
another fundamental discovery i've made about myself (again, something i've already known subconsciously but arrived at recently like chancing upon a bright red 'STOP' sign) is that..i truly am happiest when i'm <strong2>alone</strong2>, and i happen to be my own best company. i know given the state of the society we live in people tend to glorify a romantic relationship over everything else and sometimes platonic relationships with friends or family as a kind of counterculture claim/move, but i truly do feel at home when it's just me and my psyche left to it's own devices (double entrende intended). the world has never felt smaller with humanity's <strong>collective intellegentia and art</strong> all at my fingertips (and if it's financially restricted, i've been blessed with a mind lucid enough to unrestrict it), the greatest joy of my life therefore is living vicariously through the makers or protagonists of the art i consume. my people-paglu nature as some kind of an extro-introfreak is an extension of This drive to experience life in everybody else's shoes really. but i've never really cared much for having people explicitly be in my life outside of living theirs with them, and have continually struggled to make any of my current friends of acquaintances feel welcome much either. i don't want to as well! maybe this was a sentiment or state of mind further strenghtened by this 5-year long solitude i was forced into due to my circumstances, but i truly do love being with myself and although content, i definitely am open to see where life takes me with it's complexities and contradictions. if life gives me love, who am i to reject it :) i definitely plan on at least meeting up with my closest friends 2 or 3 times after i move out to make up for the many coffee dates or movie plans i could never go through with, because i truly do adore them and respect them for continuing to be there despite a static radio silence from my end for years now. i will work harder. anyhow in conclusion, i embody a <strong2>panpsychist state of mind</strong2> wherein i feel the most at home experiencing many different lives (or chunks of consciousness) while giving my feelings as a result of it an outlet, making art, and trying new things as a personal ritual as frequently as i can. re:making art, i've branded 2026 as the <strong2>year of finesse</strong2>, ie polishing my half-developed skills like vocalizing and painting and 3D modelling and playing the guitar to a level that enables the production of an even better quality of art. i'm going to cut myself off from social media entirely dattebayo 100 emoji.
<br /><br />
in other equally nicer news i've started hydrating more with a schedule that my busted, dysfunctional brain can keep up with and my skin got smoother in 3 FREAKING DAYS im crying. also started exercising again; the le sserafim workout. its hard as fuck btw i can only do 1 set of each mentioned exercise per day. i've started playing 10 to 15 minutes of guitar every day, as a result of which i had the biggest blister ever on my left hand's middle finger for 4 or 5 days until it naturally subsided into a sturdy callus. maybe i'll get to give my grade 2 and grade 3 trinity exams this year too? ahh i'm excited!!! i discovered <strong>joanna newsom</strong> recently when my finals were ongoing, and amidst the adoration i've built up towards her over the last 2 weeks i also got to know she's married to andy freaking samberg...i remember when i initially found out he was married in like 2019 i didn't like the person he was with and was blinded by jealousy over them to the point their name couldn't even register for me. now though, i have to admit it's a wonderful feeling knowing 2 people you immensely love and enjoy are together, forever inspiring each other in their art and lives, and i could only hope that if love does find me, it's similar to theirs. anyway my point before i tangentially drifted off was that i've been discovering a lot of new artists and musicians with joanna being my greatest find of the moment, and <strong>music is genuinely everything</strong>.<br /><br />
it really does feel insane reflecting over everything that's transpired since 2021 once in a while, because i truly wouldn't have matured so much or had so many academic opportunities either if i had left anytime earlier. situationally, i'm exactly where i was in 2024, drowning in seemingly hopeless applications, on a boundless musical journey and fixing up existing skills (though i didn't succeed much in this in the former year). a change in perspective really hits like a mf 🙏 i absolutely cannot wait to Definitively clear my fundamentals up and possibly look forward to good things happening to me in this or the coming year. if i do end up moving out, well! that's great. if not, that's okay as well. there's so much to achieve and do with just my laptop and phone, in my solitary company.<br /><br />
<strong>p.s i've completely been neglecting my muselist.</strong> im so sad...i do have things i get inspired by every once in a while but abandoning my site updation has had me give up on updating the list as well, i need to lock the fuck in